Clearer installation instructions (#218)
Manjaro-Sway/manjaro-sway: README.md

- prepare opt-out
- build everything automatically

## How to install

You can find the weekly ISO images on [github releases](https://github.com/manjaro-sway/manjaro-sway/releases).
To extract the regular images, download both the `z01` and the `zip` files, and run the command:

>     cat *.z* >tmp.zip && unzip tmp.zip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
cat *.z* >tmp.zip && unzip tmp.zip
```
```

- prepare opt-out
- build everything automatically

## How to install

### Download the ISO

> You can find the daily ISO images on [github releases](https://github.com/manjaro-sway/manjaro-sway/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the weekly ISO images on [github releases](https://github.com/manjaro-sway/manjaro-sway/releases).
```

> To extract the image, download both the `z01` and the `zip` files, and run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extract the regular images, download both the `z01` and the `zip` files, and run the command:
```

```bash
cat *.z* >tmp.zip && unzip tmp.zip

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

> Then you can create the bootable USB by using the image with [Etcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a bootable USB stick using [Etcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/). 
```

> Check our [FAQ](SUPPORT.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check our [FAQ](SUPPORT.md) for additional hints.
```
